com/example/saathi/Fragments/ProcedureFragment.java
 com.example.saathi.Fragments.ProcedureFragment
com/example/saathi/databinding/SampleSchemeLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.saathi.databinding.SampleSchemeLayoutBinding
com/example/saathi/Adapters/FragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.saathi.Adapters.FragmentAdapter
com/example/saathi/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.saathi.BuildConfig
com/example/saathi/Fragments/VideoFragment.java
 com.example.saathi.Fragments.VideoFragment
 com.example.saathi.Fragments.VideoFragment$1
com/example/saathi/Fragments/SchemesFragment.java
 com.example.saathi.Fragments.SchemesFragment
com/example/saathi/databinding/FragmentVideoBinding.java
 com.example.saathi.databinding.FragmentVideoBinding
com/example/saathi/Models/ContentDetails.java
 com.example.saathi.Models.ContentDetails
com/example/saathi/databinding/FragmentProcedureBinding.java
 com.example.saathi.databinding.FragmentProcedureBinding
com/example/saathi/Fragments/ConnectFragment.java
 com.example.saathi.Fragments.ConnectFragment
com/example/saathi/databinding/FragmentSchemesBinding.java
 com.example.saathi.databinding.FragmentSchemesBinding
com/example/saathi/databinding/ActivityScrollingBinding.java
 com.example.saathi.databinding.ActivityScrollingBinding
com/example/saathi/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.saathi.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/saathi/Adapters/RecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.saathi.Adapters.RecyclerAdapter
 com.example.saathi.Adapters.RecyclerAdapter$1
 com.example.saathi.Adapters.RecyclerAdapter$viewHolder
com/example/saathi/SignInActivity.java
 com.example.saathi.SignInActivity
 com.example.saathi.SignInActivity$1
 com.example.saathi.SignInActivity$2
 com.example.saathi.SignInActivity$3
com/example/saathi/ScrollingActivity.java
 com.example.saathi.ScrollingActivity
 com.example.saathi.ScrollingActivity$1
com/example/saathi/databinding/ContentScrollingBinding.java
 com.example.saathi.databinding.ContentScrollingBinding
com/example/saathi/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.saathi.SignUpActivity
 com.example.saathi.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.saathi.SignUpActivity$2
 com.example.saathi.SignUpActivity$3
com/example/saathi/MainActivity.java
 com.example.saathi.MainActivity
com/example/saathi/databinding/FragmentConnectBinding.java
 com.example.saathi.databinding.FragmentConnectBinding
com/example/saathi/databinding/ActivitySignInBinding.java
 com.example.saathi.databinding.ActivitySignInBinding
com/example/saathi/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.example.saathi.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/example/saathi/Models/UsersInfo.java
 com.example.saathi.Models.UsersInfo
